Respected archaeologists fight over Chuck Norris's discarded apple cores.
There are plenty of Chucks, but only one Chuck Norris- he roundhouse kicks anyone named after him.
Chuck Norris rammed a gold watch up Christopher Walken's ass.
Chuck Norris knows Victoria's secret.
Chuck Norris insists on strongly-typed programming languages.
You have no idea just how many hemorrhoids one person could possibly have until Chuck Norris takes his foot out of your ass.
Once Chuck Norris pissed off anger, and that is how happiness was invented.
Wilt Chamberlain claimed to have slept with 20,000 women in his life, or only 1.8 billion less than Chuck Norris.
Choose life. Before Chuck Norris kills you.
Chuck Norris' favourite word: chunk.
If Chuck Norris is late....time better slow the fuck down!!
Osama Bin Laden wasn't that good at hiding. Obama just had to pay Chuck Norris to go on holiday for one night
Alf is actually Chuck Norris' detachable walking, talking cat eating penis.
You know why alien space ships are called Unidentified Flying Objects? The aliens don't want Chuck Norris to identify them.
Top 5 Most Powerful People of the World: 1) Chuck Norris 2) Oprah 3) Donald Trump 4) the President when he's in office 5) Either Bill Gates or Steve Jobs *Note-Chuck Norris is so powerful, this was a typo. He ranks 1-Infinity as the most powerful man to ever live.
Chuck Norris went cliff diving off the coast of Sumatra in 2004. The rest is history.
Chuck Norris won American idol using only sign language.
You better watch out, you better not cry; you better not pout, I'm telling you why - Chuck Norris is coming to kill you. And have sex with every female member of your family.
NASA wants to save money so they asked Chuck Norris to kick the rockets into space and he tied a rope to the rocket to pull it back.
Sperm whales were created when Chuck Norris masterbated in the ocean.
Chuck Norris once bitch slapped a Sasquatch. The Sasquatch reacted immediately by saying "I apologize, Mr Norris".
When Chuck Norris says he is "Sorry", its not for what he has done, but for what he is about to do.
Chuck Norris recently ran into Nancy Pelosi and she told Chuck she had just flown in from Washington D. C. Chuck said "oh really, where did you park your broom"?
Chuck Norris taught man how to make the wheel.
The is more than one way to skin a cat. Chuck Norris knows thousands. It was a childhood hobby
Chuck Norris once tried to defeat Garry Kasparov in a game of chess. When Norris lost, he won in life by roundhouse kicking Kasparov in the side of the face.
Chuck Norris can explain Integration by substituion to toddlers - and they understand it.
Chuck Norris is just like you he puts his pants on one leg at a time exept when he does it he fights north Koreans
one nice day i read about Chuck Norris , that was the day wen life ended as i knew it P.S. I love Chuck Norris
The goverment called Chuck Norris to ask him to destroy an asteroid the size of Texas.Chuck Norris then rode on top of a rocket with nothing but a fork and a cherrybomb.Needless to say, the asteroid lost.
Osama Bin Laden wasn't that good at hiding. Obama just had to pay Chuck Norris to go on holiday for one night
Chuck Norris was fired from the show "Axe Men". The producers didn't think cutting down whole forests with your teeth was appropriate for children.
Chuck Norris once took his pants off in a Thanksgiving Day parade. All the horses wept. Male and female.
